good morning it's january 18
2021 and it's a
monday here in l.a
a clear morning very still
right now 54 degrees
fahrenheit around 12 celsius
today i was thinking about
martin luther king jr
talk about a man with courage
he had the courage to stand up
and peacefully fight against
tremendous opposition
to stand up and peacefully fight
for freedom for justice
equality
very few people with this kind of
courage
god bless martin luther king jr
should be going up to around
80 degrees fahrenheit this afternoon
around
27 celsius and it looks like we're going
to be enjoying once again
beautiful blue skies and
golden sunshine all along the way
everyone have a great day